README.md, before:

# 📥 How to Download & Use Gene Matcher

# SETUP

    - At the top of the Gene Matcher page (https://github.com/davindergw/geneMatcher), click on the green 'clone' button
    - From the dialog that opens up, click 'download Zip'
    - When the download is complete, go to your downloads folder
    - Right click the geneMatcher-main.zip file and click 'Extract All'
    - Click extract (you can change the folder you want the files to appear in by clicking the browse button)
    - Within the extracted geneMatcher-main folder, run the gui.exe file at: dist/gui.exe
    - You may get a warning from windows saying the file is unprotected. If this occurs click 'More Info' and then 'Run Anyway'
    - The program may take a bit of time to load: After a while you should see a black console log appear. Then a bit later the control panel will appear

# FOR DEVELOPMENT

    - GeneMatcher is written in Python
    - To install the necessary dependencies:
        + Run the command 'pip install pandas openpyxl' from the root fodler
        + Run the command 'pip install odfpy' from the root folder

    - The entry point file is gui.py, inside the root folder
    - To run the program run the command python gui.py in the root folder
    - To create a new executable file for the program run the command pyinstaller --onefile gui.py in the root folder.

Commit message:

About to remove comments before publish attempt
I am now going to try to publish the app. This commit contains all the comments to help me understand python. They will be removed in the next commit

README.md, after:

## License
This software is released under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).

This software is free to use and modify, but if you find it useful and would like to support the continued development of this project, please consider making a donation to the original project at:

    https://buymeacoffee.com/davinder

    https://paypal.me/Davinder321?country.x=GB&locale.x=en_GB

## Donations
If you fork this software, we kindly ask that you continue supporting the original project via donations. Thank you for supporting open-source development!

# For Development
- GeneMatcher is written in Python
- To install the necessary dependencies:
    + Run the command 'pip install pandas openpyxl' from the root fodler
    + Run the command 'pip install odfpy' from the root folder

- The entry point file is main.py, inside the root folder
- To run the program run the command 'python main.py' in the root folder
